# Processed Data

This directory contains various structured data files that are the direct output of the repository's preprocessing scripts. These files serve as the foundation for the statistical analyses and the visualizations found in the `Figures/` directory.

## Contents

### Main Survey Data
* **`touch_data.txt`**: The main processed data file for the touch survey data. Created by `analysis_IASATposter.R`, it contains cleaned and reshaped touch data, including newly derived variables like "Valence" and "Arousal", and descriptive labels based on touch parameters (number, speed, force).
* **`touch_data_fixed.psv.txt`**: Same data, but problems with unexpected line breaks were fixed, and the tab separators are replaced by pipes (`|`).
* **Per_video/**: folder containing the data of `touch_data_fixed.psv.txt`, but split by video to facilitate limited analyses, exploration, and visualizations.

### Descriptor Mapping
* **`descriptor_map_data.tsv` & `descriptor_map_data.xlsx`**: These files contain the processed descriptor map data generated by `descriptor_maps.R`. They contain the mappings of stemmed words from the survey to higher-level "descriptors" (e.g., "affect" becomes "affection") and broader categories or "Groups" (e.g., emotion, body, place).

### Word Frequency Data
Generated by the `analysis_IASATposter.R` script, these text files isolate the linguistic data for each question:
* **`*_word-freq.txt`**: Contains the raw word frequency counts for specific survey questions.
* **`*_word-freq-plot-data.txt`**: Contains the formatted data specifically structured to generate the word frequency plots (PDFs).


---

Repository README: [README.md](../README.md)